Here are a list of some proper nouns and terms which are different in Compound X then in the English Language normally. If one is missing, please create an issue in Github asking for it! Hope it helps!

Action: In Compound X, an Action rarely means a single abstract bodily movement as it does in English. Instead an Action is a measure of time specifically during a Player's turn in Combat. See Actions in Basic Rules.txt

Base Stats: The Base Stats of a character are Strength, Perception, Fortitude, Charisma, Intelligence, Dexterity and Luck. For more about Base Stats, see Basic Rules.txt in the seciton Base Stats.

Compound X: The name of the game! It is also the name of a prison planet in the first campaign run back in 2015 by the game's creator, Taylor Rowland. 

Character:
Character, Player: See Player Character
Character, Non Player: See NPC

Class: Most Player Characters have a Class. Classes are listed and explained in the CharacterCreation/02_Classes.txt document. 
Class Feats: Every certain number of levels, your character gains an extra-special kind of feat depending on their chosen Class. These are listed in the CharacterCreation/02_Classes.txt document and are called Class Feats.

D10: A 10 sided Dice. See The Primary Game Mechanic in the Basic Rules. 

DM: Dungeon Master. See Galaxy Master. 

Feat: As your character levels up, they get special perks or bonuses. These are called Feats and are detailed in the CharacterCreation/03_Feats.txt document. 
Feats, Class: See Class Feats

Game Master: Usually abbreviated as GM, the Game Master runs the game for the Players. They are responsible for telling the story, keeping the game moving and deciding how the NPCs behave and act. 

GM: See Game Master.

NPC: Stands for "Non-Player Character" and is defined as any character in the story who is not controlled by one of the Players. NPCs are almost always controlled by the GM. Often NPCs are the enemies that you fight, the shopkeepers that you buy things from or the hostages you rescue. 

Player: The human in the real world who is playing the game. One Player may have many Characters and might play in more than one game. Usually one Player plays one Player Character at a time. 

RPG: Role-Playing Game. Such as Dungeons and Dragons or Compound X!

Player Character: The Player's avatar in the game world. A Player Character is made by following the procedures outlined in CharacterCreation. Generally, a Player only controls one character at a time, that Character is called a Player Character. 

Saving Throw: A Saving Throw is a roll of the dice to see whether your character has the defenses to avoid something bad happening to them. See Saving Throws in the Basic Rules.txt document for more information.

Stacking/Stackable: When an effect or feat is Stackable, that means if applied to a character more than once the effect is cumulative or additive. So if a Character is taking damage from stacked burn conditions, the damage dealt is added together.