==============================
Tool Sets
==============================

Blade Maintenance and Care Kit ($100):
	A good whetstone, polish, oil and cleaning supplies are worth
their weight in gold. These tools keep blades sharp, rust-free and
ready for action.

Relevant Skill(s): Weapons - Melee, Weapons - Thrown
Context: Bladed Weapons
Noise Level: Low

Digital Artist's Program and Tablet Package ($250):
	A pressure-sensitive digital tablet and stylus complete with 
TIR Digital Painting, which can be used for drawing, painting, and 
editing photos and documents. Comes with a protective case and 
rechargeable 8-hour battery.

Relevant Skill(s): Performance, Deception
Context: Digital Art, Imagery
Noise Level: Low

Destructive Entry Kit ($200):
	Includes several tools useful for making an irreversible 
entrance into secured locations, such as bolt cutters, prybars, 
a small, concealable drill, core puller, core shearer, and hinge 
pin striker.

Relevant Skill(s): Sleight of Hand, Athletics
Context: Mesh fencing, doorways, windows
Noise Level: Low-High

Disguise Kit ($200):
	Includes a selection of make-up and application tools, hair 
styling necessities, items for a quick outfit change including a variety
of hats, scarves, sunglasses and flashy jewelery, several sets of
personalized color contacts, and temporary hair dye in a variety of colors.

Relevant Skill(s): Deception
Context: Broad
Noise Level: Low

Door Ram ($300): 
	When using this ram, add 50 to Athletics checks to kick open doors. Must
have STR 8 to carry or use. 

Relevant Skill(s): Athletics
Context: Breaking down doors
Noise Level: High

Door Press ($700):
	A pneumatic door press that can opens sliding, pneumatically controlled 
non-airlock doors up to Militarized Level.

Relevant Skill(s): Athletics
Context: Forcing pneumatic doors
Noise Level: High

Electrician's Kit ($350):
	Voltage testers, sensors, insulated wire strippers, ratchets, 
screwdrivers, pliers, reels of wire, soldering supplies, breadboards, 
resistors, capacitors, inductors, rechargeable temporary power supplies, 
and a miniaturized 3D circuit printer allow the professional electrician 
to maintain, repair, and construct all manner of electronic gadgetry.

Relevant Skill(s): Repair, Jury-rigging
Context: Electronics, Electrical Components, Circuitboards. Repair, 
	construction, repurposing.
Noise Level: Low

Electronic Lockpick ($100):
   	This is a small device hooks into digital locks and replays recent entries
and factory standard crypto keys until the lock opens. Requires an INT of 4 and
Knowledge - Computers 6 to use.

Relevant Skill(s): Sleight of Hand
Context: Electronic and/or computerized locking objects
Noise Level: Low

Electronic Lock Spoofing Kit ($250):
	Contains a morphological magnetic strip card, password cracker, 
disassembly and bypass tools for keypads and fingerprint/retina readers, 
basic circuitboard tools suitable for shorting dead man's circuits, 
temporary power sources, and similar implements intended to bypass locks 
that rely on electronics and computerization.

Relevant Skill(s): Hacking
Context: Electronic and/or computerized locking objects
Noise Level: Low

Firearm Maintenance and Care Kit ($100):
	While most weapons come with the bare essentials for field care, every once
in a while a weapon needs a deep cleaning. This kit comes with all of the 
graphite, brushes, degaussing oil, lens polish, and tuning calipers to care for
any manner of ballistic, laser, or plasma gun. 

Relevant Skill(s): Weapons - [All firearms categories]
Context: Cleaning, Servicing
Noise Level: Low

Fishing Gear ($120):
	A sturdy, 2m long fiberglass fishing pole with a reel, fishing line and a
sharp hook with a supply of basic bait. An expert angler could potentially cast this 
out to 6 meters. 

Relevant Skill(s): Athletics
Context: Fishing
Noise Level: Low

Forger's Implements ($250):
	A specialized printer, ink, papers and plastics useful for forging
physical documents as well as a variety of data chips and the tools to program
them and install them into a document. Also includes a variety of fine art
tools for creating small details.

Relevant Skill(s): Deception, Sleight of Hand
Context: Forgery (Eg. Documents, ID Cards, etc. Not passwords)
Noise Level: Low

General Research Analysis and Cross-referencing AI ($350):
	A portable hand terminal containing a massive solid-state data drive 
and a smaller drive with a non-sentient AI specialized in data retrieval. 
The AI can help investigate inquiries by intelligently loading up reputable 
documents and providing summaries. Performance greatly improved by access to 
academic or library databanks. Takes time to achieve best results. Comes with 
a protective case and rechargeable 8-hour battery.

Relevant Skill(s): Knowledge - All, Investigation
Context: Research
Noise Level: Low

Field-expedient Biological Trauma Kit ($250):
	Contains a variety of pliers, grips, reusable injectors, biofoam 
spray nozzles, suture applicators, cauterizers, etc. Also has a sterilizing unit 
for all of the above. Increases operator's effective use of the consumable items 
found in medkits.

Relevant Skill(s): Medicine
Context: Basic trauma procedures away from medical facilities (eg. stabilizing, 
	removing bleeds or burns, healing, etc.). Biological targets.
Noise Level: Low

Field-expedient Mechanical Trauma Kit ($250):
	Contains a variety of pliers, grips, reusable injectors, mechfoam 
spray nozzles, self-sealing rivets, flash-freezers, etc. Also has a sterilizing unit 
for all of the above. Increases operator's effective use of the consumable items 
found in repair kits.

Relevant Skill(s): Repair
Context: Basic trauma procedures away from medical facilities (eg. stabilizing, 
	removing bleeds or burns, healing, etc.). Mechanical targets.
Noise Level: Low

Fine Art Kit ($150):
	Tools for a 2D physical fine art discipline such as paints, brushes and
canvasses or pencils, markers and paper, as well as a supply of the artist's 
consumable medium of choice.

Relevant Skill(s): Performance
Context: 2D Fine Art (eg. painting, drawing)
Noise Level: Low

Locksmith's Rekeying Tools ($200):
	A pinning tray, specialized tweezers, plug followers, and other tools 
for the dissassebly of locks, along with a generous suply of replacement key pins, 
top pins, security pins, springs, wafers, retaining clips, and more. Allows a 
trained user to reset mechanical locks to accept different keys. Most locks will 
require a working key or successful pick to disasseble, lockpicks not included.

Relevant Skill(s): Sleight of Hand
Context: Unlocked mechanical locks.
Noise Level: Low

Mechanical Lock Bump Key ($120):
    This is a cut down key on a spring with a trigger. The simple device is
used by inserting the skeleton key into a lock and pulling the trigger quickly,
which causes the skeleton key to try random physical key configurations hoping
to get lucky. This trick only works on phyiscal or cyberphysical locks. 
    When using this key, a character spends two actions to try to out-luck the
lock. They may add both their Dex and Luck modifiers to the Sleight of Hand 
check.

Relevant Skill(s): Sleight of Hand
Context: Mechanical locks
Noise Level: Med

Mechanical Lockpicking Tools ($300):
	An awe-inspiring assortment of torsion tools, picks, and rakes 
for pin tumbler, wafer, dimple, tubular, and disc detainer locks, as well as a 
core spinner, benchtop impressioning cutter, some files, and vicegrips. 
Includes an electric pick gun that trades quietness for speed.

Relevant Skill(s): Sleight of Hand
Context: Mechanical locks
Noise Level: Low-Med

Mechanic's Demolition Set ($100):
	Includes hammers, prybars, and saws useful for rapid, destructive 
disassembly and parts fabrication.

Relevant Skill(s): Repair, Jury-rigging
Context: Broad
Noise Level: Low

Mechanic's Power Demolition Combo Kit ($400):
	Includes a battery-powered reciprocating saw, circular saw, and 
a variety of blades for different materials. Allows for extremely fast, 
destructive demolition and subtractive fabrication.

Relevant Skill(s): Repair, Jury-rigging
Context: Broad
Noise Level: High

Mechanic's Power Detail Combo Kit ($300):
	Includes a rotary tool, oscillating tool, mini-saw, and wide 
variety of drilling, cutting, engraving, sanding, and polishing 
attachments. Can be used for a wide variety of small-scale tasks.

Relevant Skill(s): Repair, Jury-rigging, Performance
Context: Broad
Noise Level: High

Mechanic's Power Fastening Combo Kit ($400):
	Includes a battery-powered drill and impact driver, drill and 
driver bits, hole saws, sockets, and various adapters. Allows for fast 
assembly and disassembly of mechanical objects.

Relevant Skill(s): Repair, Jury-rigging
Context: Broad
Noise Level: High

Mechanic's Wrench & Socket Set ($100):
	Includes wrenches, ratchets, sockets, and screwdrivers useful for 
assembly and disassembly of mechanical objects.

Relevant Skill(s): Repair, Jury-rigging
Context: Broad
Noise Level: Low

Metal Cutting Kit, Rapid ($450):
	Contains a plasma cutter, fuel, and various attachments and accessories. 
The cutter can cuts through up to 1 inch of steel in 2 full turns, 2 inches in 
3 full turns. Hardened steel takes three times as long. A basic 2-inch thick 
chain link would take 3 turns to cut through. To open a man-sized hole in 1 
inch thick steel would take 10 full turns. Flammable nonmetals in oxygen-bearing 
atmospheres will ignite instantly.
	The plasma cutter can be used an an improvised Light melee weapon with
adjacent (1m) range. Its damage type is Plasma, and additionally applies a Plasma 
burn token on hit. Cannot be thrown effectively due to its fuel line.

Relevant Skill(s): Repair
Context: Metal cutting
Noise Level: High

Musical Instrument Care Supplies ($100):
	Includes four pipe-cleaners of varying sizes, valve oil, bore oil,
key oil, lanolin, polish, extra strings or reeds, soft rags for appilcation,
3 small hex wrenches, string cutters, and a bottle of rosin. Allows for basic 
maintenance of the chosen style of instrument. 

Relevant Skill(s): Performance, Repair
Context: Auditory art
Noise Level: Low-High

Potter's Tools ($150):
	Includes two small metal spatulas, one serrated and one smooth, 
three sizes of double-wire end modeling tools, six wooden shapers,
calipers, and a sponge. Allows for fine detail work and cutting when 
sculpting a soft clay object.
	
Relevant Skill(s): Performance
Context: 3D physical art
Noise Level: Low
