Garred: Hunter
"Hey hotshot!" As you walk through the Rigistruct camp on the way back to your 
ship for final extraction, an allied sniper wearing Rigistruct colors calls 
you over. "Heard your group got to trade shots with that asshole merc who's 
been poppin' my guys. Did ya drop him?" He seems disappointed when you tell him
that he got away. "Well Matt helped me out a while back. Thanks for makin' sure
he never took a second one. Here, take this."
+ Side Rail attatchment: lazer mic
May be used to covertly eavesdrop on a target from great distances away. For 
best results, aim at a thin solid surface near the target. RP effects. See GM 
for details.
"Snipin's thirsty work. Take this too. Looks like you could use it."
+RP item: Canteen




ITU-9001
+Rigistruct Antivirus
+Gyroscopes
"Hey big guy, Thanks for watching my back out there. You're not bad for a bucket of
bolts. Since the bad guys are sending some hackers, I thought maybe you could use this. "

+ Data storage device
contains "Land-Ho! Open source antivirus and spyware protection" +15% to resisting
RATs, Data worms, etc.

"Also, I was workin' on a thing in my garage, but it's almost ready and I think you'll put it to good use. Stay safe out there man. "

+ Matt's Experimental Gyroscopes
You get a +5% to parkour or unconventional acrobatic movments, and since it's built
Rigistruct tough, you also get a +5% to maintain your berrings when battered by 
concussive forces.


Von Hellsong
"Captain, it's been a pleasure working with you. I can't thank you enough for
clearing the way for our air support. You've saved lives today, son.  Take this,
hopefully it'll return the favor."

Rigistruct MOLLE Plate Light Armor Base: 4 EP 
45% coverage
+5 damage reduction
Digital Forrest cammoflage with Rigistruct orange trim, insignia and straps. Light
ceramic balistic plates with Rigistruct polycarbide inclusions so it's extra bullet proof. 

"It's important to reflect on one's victories without resting on your laurels. Taking
a team unto the breach and pushing them to the edge without losing one is a helluva 
thing. Have one on me."

RP item: The Commander's imported Cigar
Smells expensive. Smells like victory.


Davidaross

"Hey, I wanted to say thanks for saving my life. First when that sniper hit me,
and for the work you did with me on that dam. They promoted me you know, I get
to stay back at the FOB and teach the other mechanics to keep their heads down.
I get to see my daughter on the weekends. Anyway, I won't be needing this anymore.
I'd like you to have it."

Matt's Sidearm		5EP
40m
25%
6 rounds, .357 [standard, FMJ(AP), HP, Magnum, CS, HV, exotic]
56 damage
A long barelled revolver somewhere between oft used and well cared for. It's 
suprisingly well balanced and the action feels very smooth. Single Action Revolver: cannot be fired as a free action. Reload DC 40; reload time half action. If failed, reload time one full action. It has the Rigistruct insignia stamped into the grip.

"And my daughter drew this for me. I have a bunch of 'em, and based on the subject
matter of this particular piece, I thought maybe it'd remind you to keep sticking
up for the little guys"

+RP Item: Matt's Daughter's stick figure drawing.
A crayon drawing clearly depicting a well-muscled warlock saving Matt and dismembering
an evil elephant. Or sniper, it's kinda hard to tell.