intro:
Hi everybody! A couple of quick notes; this is set up as a full story repeatable campign that includes an intro for new players. We intend to balance storied gameplay with action-packed firefights to appeal to players all over Bartleby's taxonomy as well as players of all skill types. This is also a work in progress, it's not as finished as we'd like. We'd appriciate constructive criticism, but maybe wait until day 2 to offer it please. We expect you to play smart, use group tactics, communicate well both with the GM and with each other and role play. This is a role playing game. Not a shooter on your computer. Get in character or get out.

Welcome to the beautiful small town of potto-otto. This is a company town established on New Shikoku, an M-class planet in sector 5 that was teraformed by the Sakai Corportaion. Today is Friday, so the local farmers have come into town to sell their produce and biofuel at the local farmer's market. The weather is the usual thick clouds with temperatures at a balmy 292 Kelvin (summer temp). 

You represent the finest in law enforcement that the small villiage has to offer. The laws here in potto-otto are pretty similar to those on a core planet; pay your parking meter on time, don't steal, etc. Use of lethal force on civilians is strictly prohibited, as is search without a warrant. The trick here is that peace is profitable; most of the farmers and citizens aren't wealthy. As they make money, they drive profit for the Sakai company who employs most of the planet. In fact, they employ you! So walk your beat with a keen eye. Sakai Corp is depending on you.

pass out officer sheets.

1) have officer check parking meter. Meter is expired. Should the officer write the ticket?

this is where we explain how you delare moves to the GM in order to play. This is for ultra-noobs.

2) Shoplifter runs out of clothing store. Officer can roll to intimidate, grab him, or just yell stop

introduce rolling mechanics. Whatever they do succeeds. Player cannot be allowed to leave with arestee. Penalty for shoplifting is a 100 credit fine and the stuff must be returned to the shop.

3) Over in the market, player catches young kid stealing food. 

Hamfisted moral dilema.

4) Drunk in fountain. 

Charisma challenge.

5) Mugging in back alley.

introduce basic melee combat.

6) introduce vehicles driving from south and crashing into market. badguys get out. Shoot civilians.

introduce initiative, shooting, running, taking cover, etc. 

7) technical leaves with enemy spec ops soldier, leaving only robots to fight. Spec ops soldier has shield on that stops all pistol rounds. The main story for the weekend involves chasing him.

8) players work together to kill all badguy robots, civilians flee.

9) check in the truck...
there's a massive bio bomb that goes off, killing everyone in three miles. End intro.