Welcome to Compound X. If you are reading this document, then you are begining character creation. First, please write down a few things about the character you want to play in order to clarify some aspects you will determine later:
1. What is your character's background? Why are they coming to the Island of Nojave?
2. What sort of profession or role would they fill in a typical society (not class, i mean JOB. Are they a cook? are they a doctor? are they a gunsmith? Maybe they're a librarian. It helps to choose something non combat oriented so that your character has more RP options than just "I shoot it")?
3. Is your character a Prisoner or a Security Staff?
4. How would they react to being shot at? What sort of weapons would they like to use (real world examples are fine to think about)? What sort of tactics do they use? Are they a team player, or do they like to do things for themselves?

Now that you have (hopefully) determined what you would like your character to do, we'll start to fill out the character sheet. Starting in section 1, write down what your character's presence is like. Are they hyper, are they overbearing, etc. Then choose a race and write down a physical description. Humans are extremely varried, but don't get many bonuses. Tundari Are slightly less varried, and get a lot of bonuses. Detachment A Security Drones are fairly uniformly built, and have a few bonuses.
Next, open the Class document and pick a class. Your class only determines what class feat you get. Remember, only you decide how you play your character in combat and in RP, not your class. Distribute your Stat points, applying any bonuses or penalties after your points are distributed. (Humans get 42, all other races get 40). Once you have distributed your points, you will calculate your health and Nanite reserve. After this is done, select 1 feat, 5 skills (anything from cooking to zoology), and 7 inventory items. After this has been done, you can select your weapons and armor according to the following rule: 10 + (LVL+1)*LUK EP. You can purchase one primary weapon, one scondary (must be a pistol or melee weapon), and any other items as long as your EP amount is not overcome. You can swap items out later on with a full refund to your EP. EP is only a level restricting carry capacity, not a currency. Don't be stressed that what you buy now is permanent. Once your weapons and armour have been selected, please subtract your Perception score from your accuracy, and for melee weapons, add either your strength or dex score to your hit chance.

You are now finished! congratulations! show your GM your character sheet for approval or questions.

//Copyright 2016 Taylor Rowland