Full list of skills:
Acrobatics
Athletics
Deception
Insight
Intimidation
Investigation
Knowledge
GENERAL*
Gravity Manipulation
Energy Manipulation
Hard Light
History
Nanites
Plasma
Computer Systems
Xenology
Medical
Navigation
Space
Geography
Persuasion
Repair
Sleight of Hand 
Spotting
Stealth
Survival
Vehicles
GENERAL*
Flight
Ground
Weapons
GENERAL*
Melee
Long Rifle
SMG
Shotgun
General
Pistol
Thrown
Heavy

*Gives half the bonus a specific will give on a check.
Suggested that certain classes can gain skill in their proficiency area twice as quickly.
So every point you spend from leveling up is doubled up in that skill.

Suggest cap of 60. Adding Specific modifier to to skill. For example, Attribute of 10 = 20 mod.
This gives a max of +80 to a skill check. In theory a 180 could be rolled. This is very rare.
Currently there are no rules for a critical success on skill checks in the listing. I would suggest a 10 bonus for regular critical, and a 20 bonus for extra critical (Name change suggestion to Supreme Critical. Extra sounds like it’s a bonus sauce. SUPREME makes it sound like the full frigging 5 course meal). This gives us a possible maximum of 200.

More reasonable DC for things:
Example for: (STRENGTH) Athletics check
25 = Easy (Doing a pull-up)
50 = Simple (Climbing a tree)
75 = Moderate (Kicking down a door)
100 = Hard (Running through a wooden wall)
125 = Difficult (Kicking down a reinforced door)
150 = Improbable (Throwing a human through a reinforced door)
175 = Inconceivable (Ripping a reinforced door off its hinges with your hands and hitting someone with it like a baseball game)
200 = Impossible (Opening an airlock with your bear-hands)

Rationale, allowing certain classes to gain up to double that score in certain areas. INT of (avg5)*(2)*(level10) = 100 known. Max = 200 known

For example: Soldiers can get various Weapon specializations, Berserker can get Weapons - Melee (instead of unarmed expert because they do in fact have a weapon in most cases) etc. See Suggested list below

Also took out the word Use from things. Added a - to specify specific













Class Skill Proficiency
Adept: Knowledge - Nanites, Weapons - General
New Name. I like Tech Trooper.
Assassin: Stealth, Weapons - Melee
Berserker: Athletics, Weapons - Melee
Typo in class description name, need to get that first r in there
Engineer: Knowledge - [General], Repair
Doctor: Knowledge - [Any], Medical
Gunslinger: Acrobatics, Weapons - Pistol
Hacker: Knowledge - Nanites, Knowledge - Systems
Suggested removing nanites from this tree, it doesn’t make a ton of sense to me for a hacker to use nanites to buff allies now that we have removed them from the bloodstream. Perhaps they buff any tech the ally has, for like giving them auto aim on a rifle or giving a bonus to any check they use with technology. Honestly I think this subclass needs some rework now that nanites are no longer in the bloodstream. Unless you want this to be a subclass that does put nanites into thing’s blood. In the case that it does get removed, recommended Knowledge - Any or a Hacking skill if that is the case.
Hunter: Spotting, Survival, Weapons - Shotgun or Long Rifle
Marksman: Spotting, Weapons - Long Rifle
Monk: Acrobatics or Athletics, Stealth
Paladin: Knowledge - Hard Light, Weapons - General
New Name. I like Spartan or Vanguard or Guardian
Pilots: Vehicles - [Flight, General, Ground. Pick 2], Weapons - General
Soldier: Weapons - General, Weapons - Specific
Specialist: Weapons - Heavy, Weapons - Thrown