//Lore description
It is the year 2348. The confederation exists as a central governing body with many outliers and colony worlds established in nearby star systems. Earth scientists have recently broken into the field of faster-than-light travel, and have miraculously developed very speedy means of travel (faster, in fact than most space-fairing races would develope). By manipulating artificial gravity wells, ships are able to rip holes between two points, seeming to disappear and reapear dozens of lightyears away in a few seconds. However this speed comes at a cost, the travel is not very efficeint. Most jumps are very costly in energy, requiring weeks of recharge time in order to jump any distance, or a refuel at a local planet. They are highly inaccurate as well, often jumping up to a quarter of a billion kilometers away from their intended target, equal to a month''s journey maximum, even using state-of-the-art Bussard-Ramjet engines. The disparity between predicted and actual exit location wildly diverges proportional to the distnace jumped. The farthest distance possible to travel in a single jump is nearish to 30 LY away, any further than that and the journey to actual target may verywell take longer than 5 years with Bussard-Ramjet engines.

The nearest colonies form an "inner ring," comprised of 7 planets within 15 LY from earth. farther out, up to 300 LY away are the "mid-ring" territories, numbering 8 sectors each with around 20 colony worlds. All in total, the Earth Confederacy-Colony Union (ECCU) makes up almost 200 planets, and a population closing in on 40 billion. Beyond the mid ring are the "outer territories," some unofficial colonies, corporate ventures and secret military outposts. The known mapped region of space in the milky way extends to about 400 LY from earth (mathematically speaking, the outer territories alone are 7/9 as large as the whole area of the inner and middle regions. Its a lot of area actually).



//Specific Event Reminders
HARD contact: Hostile Alien Race Detected contact warning.
FARLAND protocol: First Alien Race: Labled as Negative Disposition.
FARLAND protocol enacted sends a "flash probe" back to the nearest Inner-Rim military instalation via a randomized coordinate jump in order to warn humanity of hostile contact. The enacting ship wipes all drive data of earth and ECCU colonies, all long-range transmissions are cut and nuclear self-destruct (primed to the captain''s voice) is primed.




//post-history of humanity; common era until current day, compound x
In the late 2100s, humanity made a collective decision that it was time to move on to bigger and better things. Most of the UN nations joined together as one collective, and funded the Terran Collective Space Union. Many ships were built to search among the nearest stars for anything "interesting." At a select few of the sites, advanced and incomplete alien artifacts were discovered. From some of these designs humanity embraced in the discovery of gravitanium, from which the invention of faster than light travel was invented. With the fairly complex task of sustaiend faster than light travel out of the way, colonization began. The next 200 years saw a rapid expansion ourside of earth, and the formation of a new governing body in the Milky Way: the Earth Confederation Empire.
Over the next 100 years, rapid discovery of alien artifacts and their also rapid revese-engineerings lead to a population boom and huge rise in humanity's understanding of space and technology. But not all of humanity was in position to benefit from some of these accomplishments. In the outer-rim, on the edge of civilised humanity, a large group of those disasisfied began to grow. An insurrection was imminent. Then, humanity was blindsided: open attacks from an alien race and the threat of extinsion.
The war rages on, and Earth even teams up with the Reformed Soviet Union, an enemy who sprang up when ECSC's second expansion began. Modern-day ECE is locked in combat with its alien aggressors, and daily battles wear down a weakened ECE. The humans are losing by attrition alone. Victory is the furthest thing from the Human's minds. Secrets are whisppered amongst the sumgglers, treasure hunters, soldiers, and even some average citizens, the existance of Compound X, a Precursor facility with weapons and technology of the sort that might save humanity.